Unique and healthy farm, new log house. Rentals, tourism, forest & farming | FINN eiendom
Gå til annonsen
>
Her er du
Eiendom
/
Bolig til salgs
/
Innlandet
/
Våler (Innlandet)
Bildegalleri
Legg til som favoritt.
1/39
Video
Unique and healthy farm, new log house. Rentals, tourism, forest & farming
Kart
, 2436 Våler i Solør
Prisantydning
7 000 000 kr
Totalpris
7 185 000 kr
Omkostninger
185 000 kr
Fellesgjeld
0 kr
Felleskost/mnd.
0 kr
Kommunale avg.
9 500 kr per år
Formuesverdi
992 000 kr
Verditakst
7 100 000 kr
Hva er denne boligen solgt for tidligere?
Prisstatistikk
Nøkkelinfo
Boligtype
Gårdsbruk/Småbruk
Eieform
Selveier
Soverom
5
Bruksareal
209 m²
Balkong/Terrasse
150 m² (TBA)
Etasje
2
Byggeår
2013
Energimerking
B - Lysegrønn
Utleiedel
Ja
Tomteareal
134 000 m² (eiet)
Les mer om bruksareal her
Arealbeskrivelse
Main building: Modern log house with turf roof from 2013.
150 m² ground floor, 50 m² 2nd floor. 5 bedrooms.
Tiled and wooden quality parquet (oak and asp) with water underfloor heating, 2 fire places, 2 bathrooms.
Guesthouse from 1890: Newly totally renovated loghouse, 50 m². 2 bedrooms. Wooden floor, underfloor heating. Fireplace, bathroom.
Big garage from 2013 (85m²), log building with heated workshop. Tiled.
Various other buildings (house from 1937 ~110m²), barns (160m², 2x 60m²), greenhouse (15m²), etc.
Omkostninger
2,5% document costs, insurance fees, 10.000kr contract.
Matrikkelinformasjon
Kommunenr: 3419
Gårdsnr: 35
Bruksnr: 7
Minus
Se færre detaljer
Pluss tegn
Se flere detaljer
Fasiliteter
Alarm
Balkong/Terrasse
Barnevennlig
Bredbåndstilknytning
Garasje/P-plass
Lademulighet
Moderne
Parkett
Peis/Ildsted
Rolig
Turterreng
Utsikt
Visning
Ta kontakt for å avtale visning.
Beskrivelse
Farm from the 19th century next to a big forest with a new loghouse from 2013. Perfect for a family looking for healthy living conditions or as a retreat.
Built according to German building biology standards and Norwegian TEK10. Surrounded by nature, very low emissions. Built for self sustainability with own energy (wood, solar), water (wells), food (farming). High standard.
Own forest and farmland.
Good earning opportunities with rental flat, newly renovated cabin (Airbnb), farming and storage.
Ready to move in. No additional work needed.
Main log building has turf roof, triple glass windows, big terrace, balcony. Waterborne underfloor heating, ground heat pump and 2 fireplaces / wood stoves. 5 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms.
Log garage with tiled concrete floor for 3 cars. Workshop with waterborn heating.
Guesthouse (loghouse) with 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom. Waterborne underfloor heating and wood cooking stove.
Barns, industrial building, greenhouse and additional buildings.
Sustainability equipment and event activity gear can be taken over as well.
School bus stops at the driveway, 10km to grocery stores, gas station, schools, doctor's office, cross country skiing, river with beach, airstrip, motor cross. Hospital 40min by car. 2 hours drive to Oslo and Oslo Airport.
Beliggenhet
Farming county in Eastern Norway in Våler Municipality, west side of river Glomma.
Exact location is shared with prospect buyers and is within the vicinity of the map.
Adkomst
Privat road, snowplowed in winter by neighbor, leads to paved courtyard. Waterborne snow melting on walkway between house and garage.
Beskaffenhet
Farmland used for grass production and corn by the neighbor, vegetables for own use, planted forest kept as mixed forest with birch and spruce. Creek and berries. 5000 m² of lawn around the main building mowed by robot mower.
Paved courtyard.
2nd place has dirtroad and grass courtyard. There is another old farmhouse and big barn with litte value.
Vesentlige opplysninger
In technical good condition and well maintained. Some divergence from common building norms due to being a living loghouse (measurements). Many robust technical solutions. Some furniture could be taken over by the buyer.
Detailed description and internal pictures will be sent to seriously interested and solvent buyers to maintain some privacy for us and the future owners.
Condition of sale and payment modalities are open for negotiation, for example an installment purchase.
We only sell to the RIGHT person / family. Please write an introduction about yourself on first contact. Will only answer serious inquiries. A possible invitation for visiting the place is only given AFTER that.
The place is regulated as a farm, so the buyer has to move there and use the farm land according to regulation (but can be rented to out to other farmers as well).
Minus
Vis mindre
NB: Knappen for å vise hele beskrivelsen har kun en visuell effekt.
Pluss tegn
Vis hele beskrivelsen
NB: Knappen for å vise hele beskrivelsen har kun en visuell effekt.
Ta kontakt med selger for komplett informasjon
Profilinfo
Rettigheter og plikter når du kjøper bolig av en privatperson
Visning
Ta kontakt for å avtale visning.
Nærområdet
Kart
, 2436 Våler i Solør
Profilinfo
Rettigheter og plikter når du kjøper bolig av en privatperson
Annonseinformasjon
FINN-kode
433726542
Sist endret
10. sep. 2026 11:41
Rapporter annonse
Annonsene kan være mangelfulle i forhold til lovpålagt opplysningsplikt. Før bindende avtale inngås oppfordres interessenter til å innhente komplett informasjon fra meglerforetaket, selger eller utleier.